you
well it's a couple of weeks now after
the World Series I'm just in Leicester
with my my cousin he's on the bridge
team for three day event him horse
riding and i'm here today and we're
going to Oxford to watch him riding an
event so it should be very fun and
looking forward to seeing him right this
is the whole salon she's riding today
Betty's just getting ready this is uh my
cousin's yard as the the horse Laurie
that will be traveling down to Oxford in
sand school where loves trains and jumps
and this is lawrence his horse starts
going to the dressage this is lawrence
hopefully ill jumper clear around horses
looking good brilliant clear around it's
been really nice for me to have a couple
of weeks out of the diving see new
things and actually be be with my cousin
and see the sort of sport that he does
and the life that he lives it's been
really really good for me to be out in
the country for two weeks and and I've
kept away from the diving pool I'm
really looking forward to getting back
to it hopefully everything's looking
tip-top for the trial see around clear
jump good dressage good days finished
now really enjoyed myself today Lawrence
has done really well and he's planet
finishing the top three so good day for
me to watch and just on the lorry now
heading home back for training tomorrow
morning